
CS515 Assignment 2
GOALS:

What we did:


CS515 Assignment 3

You will measure different code metrics 
and will investigate how your code changes affected the metrics both systems.

When preparing this assignment, consider this activity provides an opportunity for you to:

i. Get familiar with different internal product metrics; and
ii. Learn how code changes can impact the quality of software.

6:24 PM
Installed o3smeasures
Installed Metrics3

Restarted but not showing the right options in the context menu

Spoke to Nada, checked the Package explorer, not the project manager. Then it worked.
o3smeasures visible in the context menu

test generated the main metrics and compared removing and adding the changes without rebuilding
the only main metric that changed was the lines of code.


8:24 PM
trying removing the changes , rebuilding the code and then recalculating all the metrics, saving the bar chart, box plot and the pie chart along with the main and secondary metrics.
saved all the measures.
added the changes and clean rebuilt the project
recalculated o3smeasures.

------------------------------------
repeating for merge change

------------------------------------
trying to work with metrics3

went to workspace/plugins/ metrics3 and removed all files.
clean build project after closing and opeining metrics3 view again
files that i removed from /workspace/plugins/metrics3 are regenerated
cehcking log in workspace/.log

metrics3 not working, enabling metrics, removing the plugin files and rebuilding did not help.
-------------------------------

using o3smeasures, i followed the following steps:
1. removed the change from the merge module

2. clean install pdfsam
3. measure metrics with o3smeasures
4. exported all measures and graphs.
5. added change to merge module
6. repeat 2-4.
7. repeat 1-6 for the rotate module.
8. merged the main measures and the secondary measures for all four situations:( before and after, for both the modules.)
9. noted difference in values of the metrics, if any.
10. highlighted difference in table
11. Section 1 of the document needed a description of all the metrics analyzed in my own words.
12. Thats done, now I need to Identify the ten metrics with the highest value change from one version to the other one.
13. there is only one change in the metrics across both modules; LOC
14. the next step is to explain how the metrics changed and why the changes occurred
15. write about LOC and why it increased.
16. explore other metrics and why they did not change.
17. focus on the coupling and cohesion metrics, also include cyclomatic complexity
18. Coupling between Objects Metric: it measures the interdependence of classes in the project by calculating the sum of the objects of other classes that created in a class X and the classes that create object of the class X.  
19. Added tables for the metrics I am focussing on for both the projects.
20. explained 7 metrics in total -> Abstractness, Afferent Coupling, Number of Children, Number of Interfaces, Number of Modules, cyclomatic complexity and fan-out. 
21. explained 5 cohesion related metrics in the cohesion section(4)
22. explained 3 more coupling metrics 


